There was definitely space given for voyeurism.
I was watching them.
I was interested in how they got people to
disarm and be comfortable in front of the camera.
There was something really amazing about watching
people pose and take up that kind of space
and that it was okay to do.
You know, growing up having been socialized
female, that we’re not allowed to do that,
we’re not supposed to do that.
People being really interested and engaged
in showing off was wonderful.
Well, the possibility that it could be there
was definitely capturing for posterity that
this event definitely happened.
Because I think we weren’t allowed to take
photos just randomly because of privacy issues.
So, that was a space where it could be recorded,
and I think people really liked that and gravitated
there to create the images.
Like, all through the 80s and 90s there was
a lack of any kind of sexuality for women
and trans people.
Like, there was nothing out there.
We were not seeing images of any kind of female
sexuality or women’s sexuality, and there
was a need for that.
There still wasn’t enough imagery out there
to actually feel like you belonged anywhere.
So, there was this kind of idea that, “Oh,
well, we have to create this imagery, otherwise
it’s not going to be there for anybody later.”